Copyright © 2022 by SuperCoolSpy
All rights reserved. 

1. No part of this code may be distributed in any form or by any means,
including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods without the prior written permission.

2. However, if you obtain an electronic signature matching this section's terms, you are allowed to modify and edit the code. This code still may not
be distributed anywhere except to what parties the electronically signed document says; This signature is only valid if it is
from the following electronic Fingerprint. 
	A) The Document must include the organization, user, group, or domain that the electronic signature
	is valid for otherwise, these terms are invalid, and the below section of the license applies.

	Fingerprint:
	95561D0B0A088DD0AF90CC031B2DA75583093901

	B) The below section applies if you are not one of the parties included in the electronic document
	
	C) At any time, this license can be revoked by the author if they electronically sign a document saying that it is revoked, the author must send this document to the appropriate party. If there is no way or it is impossible to contact the party, this document does not have to be sent and will remain valid.
		1) The terminated party can receive a copy of their termination document every month. They will only be able to get another copy after a month has passed
		from their last request, or the author willingly agrees to give the termination notice to the party
		2) If 7 out of 12 months of the year the terminated party asks for their notice the author does not have to provide the notice for a year since the last notice was sent but may provide it if willingly doing it
			A) The Terminated party should however be notified somehow if possible of this decision
	D) Any copies of the source code or binaries of this project must include section 1 and a link to the rest of the licence at the top of the file

3. If no signature is included, the following terms apply:
No part of this code may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means,
including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission
of the creator.